Barking Up The Wrong Tree
Meaning: To make a wrong assumption about something.
No-Brainer
Meaning: Anything that requires minimal brain activity to accomplish.
Down To Earth
Meaning: Practical or humble; unpretentious.
When the Rubber Hits the Road
Meaning: When something is about to begin, get serious, or put to the test.
Swinging For the Fences
Meaning: Giving something your all.
Heads Up
Meaning: Used as an advanced warning. To become keenly aware.
Playing Possum
Meaning: Pretending to be dead, or to be deceitful about something.
Burst Your Bubble
Meaning: To ruin someone's happy moment.
Wake Up Call
Meaning: An occurance of sorts that brings a problem to somebody's attention and they realize it needs fixing.
Foaming At The Mouth
Meaning: To be enraged and show it.
Tough It Out
Meaning: To remain resillient even in hard times; enduring.
Happy as a Clam
Meaning: The state of being happy; feeling delighted.
Don't Look a Gift Horse In The Mouth
Meaning: When you receive a gift from someone, do not be ungrateful.
Right Off the Bat
Meaning: Immediately, done in a hurry; without delay.
Quick On the Draw
Meaning: Performing an action with the greatest of haste.
High And Dry
Meaning: To be left behind; abandoned. Being in a helpless situation without a way to recover.
Down For The Count
Meaning: Someone or something that looks to be defeated, or nearly so.
My Cup of Tea
Meaning: Someone or something that one finds to be agreeable or delightful.
Dropping Like Flies
Meaning: To fall down ill or to die in large numbers.
Mountain Out of a Molehill
Meaning: One who escalates small things and turns them into big problems.
Plot Thickens - The
Meaning: A situation that has gotten way more serious or interesting due to recent complexities or developments.
Top Drawer
Meaning: High quality, exceptional; something that's very valuable.
Down And Out
Meaning: (1) A term used in a boxing. (2) Someone who has become incapacitated.
Quick and Dirty
Meaning: Things that are fixed with great speed, but as a result, it's probably not going to work very well.
Jaws of Life
Meaning: Usually this references a tool used by rescuers when they pry or cut open a car to save the occupant.
A Piece of Cake
Meaning: A task that is simple to accomplish.
Every Cloud Has a Silver Lining
Meaning: To be optimistic, even in difficullt times.
Cut To The Chase
Meaning: To get to the point, leaving out all of the unnecessary details.
Let Her Rip
Meaning: Permission to start, or it could mean 'go faster!'
Par For the Course
Meaning: What you would expect to happen; something normal or common.
Head Over Heels
Meaning: Falling deeply in love with another person.
Raining Cats and Dogs
Meaning: When it is raining heavily.
Mouth-watering
Meaning: Delicious; something that looks or tastes appetizing.
Cry Over Spilt Milk
Meaning: It's useless to worry about things that  already happened and cannot be changed.
An Arm and a Leg
Meaning: Something that is extremely expensive.
Elephant in the Room
Meaning: Ignoring a large, obvious problem or failing to address an issue that stands out in a major way.
No Ifs, Ands, or Buts
Meaning: Finishing a task without making any excuses.
Ride Him, Cowboy!
Meaning: A cheer people yell, usually at rodeos when cowboys are clinging to the backs of untamed horses.
Poke Fun At
Meaning: Making fun of something or someone; ridicule.
Shot In the Dark
Meaning: An attempt that has little chance for success.
Go For Broke
Meaning: To risk it all, even if it means losing everything. To go all out.
Playing For Keeps
Meaning: Said when things are about to get serious.
Cry Wolf
Meaning: Someone that calls for help when it is not needed. Someone who is lying.
Ring Any Bells?
Meaning: Recalling a memory; causing a person to remember something or someone.
Jaws of Death
Meaning: Being in a dangerous or very deadly situation.
All Greek To Me
Meaning: When something is incomprehensible due to complexity; unintelligble.
Hit Below The Belt
Meaning: A boxing term. Also often used to refer to inappropriate words, or comments that are too personal.
Under Your Nose
Meaning: Missing something that should be really obvious.
What Am I, Chopped Liver?
Meaning: A rhetorical question used by a person who feels they are being given less consideration than someone else.
Elvis Has Left The Building
Meaning: Something that is all over.